what's up YouTube
this is galactica I'm here with some
extreme victory blister pack openings I
was actually just in Walgreens earlier
and it's kind of like a little drug
store out here in California I don't
know if they have them everywhere so I
don't know if you people know what that
is but essentially it's just kind of
like a little I guess a little market
they have like a pharmacy in it and
anyways that little toy aisle and was
welcomed by and I saw they had some
yugioh packs and they had a few packs of
the extreme victory in a little blister
walmart style section so I thought I'd
go ahead and pick them up and I do a
little pack opening normally I'll buy
just random blisters from you know
stores but this that's actually kind of
gotten a little more expensive since the
ruling change or how the new if these
monsters work and with Hangu in here
it's you know all the sudden prices for
them at the the warehouse where I
normally pick these up have went up
greatly so you know here we go maybe
I'll actually get lucky here and not out
of the first pack looks like a dud just
another reason why you should not buy
blisters hopefully this will video
opening will change all that as you know
maybe I'll cool you know reborn tangu
out of here or you know possibly you
know the the gods smile upon me a tour
guide so what do we get let's see here
and oh no love today
that's kind of weak alright two packs
till ago you just got a hold out hope
anything is possible you know it could
all come down to this last you know
couple packs cool freaking - tour guides
out of here yeah
that's gonna happen I'm sure all right
so here we go yeah well it's not a
friggin tour guide it is an ultimate
rare not exactly the one I was looking
or hoping for but you know whatever it's
Hollow
that's cool not a bad you know third
pack I guess better than just getting
rare for sure so and we're into the last
pack here all right this is gonna be the
pack that's gonna make it all worth it
I'm sure it is
here we go oh yeah I can feel it
Oh Sheen's dojo definitely hot tangu not
a tour guide but at least the holo you
know that's kind of cool I guess so I
was able to pick up two hulls out of
there I'm not sure how exactly made back
my money I'm not entirely sure what
would dojos are still going for but you
know pretty cool is a good try and I
guess that's about it and this is glad
to god out